I hope you were able to figure out on why it is actually creating a record rather than updating the
existing record.
The reason behind that is we are checking if the product is equal equal to zero, then we are adding
as we are updating.
In this case, the ID is always zero.
And the reason behind that is if we go to our absurd view, when a form is posted, all the properties
that are within here will be posted.
We have title description, ISBN and so on, but we do not have it in any of the input field.
We are just using that here for the if condition.
But if it is not in an input field, then it will not be posted.
So because of that, it would always be civil.
So what we have to do is we need the ID inside and input.
We could use the ESP five tag helper and we find that inside the product start, adding We need to make
sure this is a hidden field and that way the idea would be populated.
So with this change, let me save it here.
Go back and refresh here.
Let's try to edit the product one more time.
So they changed this to three right now and let me go back to our product controller.
Let me add a debugging point here.
Let's get the update button.
You will notice the fine here is now, so that is perfect this time, if you examine the obituary here
product, the ID will be populated.
Let's continue here.
Sometimes you get that error when you are debugging, you just need to stop and restart.
Let's go back to our product here.
And let's edit this.
That said, they'd continue.
This time it has been updated successfully.
But I want to show you one thing here.
Let's change the image to sunset.
That's the update button.
If you notice the file here, that is perfect, it is coming along.
But if you press F 10 here, let's go back.
If you examine the product, that image, you are ill, that is now even though we have an image for
that product, this image you are is no.
The reason for that is same.
We do not have that inside the form attribute.
That is why it is not finding that image.
You are wrong.
So even if the image you are at least present, if it says that that is now, it will just create a
new entry that is not what we want.
Even though this will work, but what will happen is the old images will get accumulated and they won't
be deleted.
So that may stop the application.
And how do we fix that in order to fix that or will go back to the absurd here?
And let's also add hidden property for image.
You are held intact product.
We have that image.
You are our safe back.
And that's one of the application.
Let's go to our product here.
And let it added now when we want to see that image court updated or not, it makes sense to add that
image on the right hand side corner right here.
So what we can do is if we go back here to our upset view and we have the main draw right here inside
there and make this a column.
12, not everyone that's had a design right here with an additive middle class off row inside there
for another day.
Give it a class of column.
10.
This will hold all the main information and add another to give it a class of column to.
So the main gift that I have have it put everything inside column 10 that will save that go back and
refresh and perfect.
Now we have some space on the right side there.
So scroll down and inside the column to reverse the image.
So it is equal to model dot product, that image you are out with, add some styling like with 100 percent
and supporter radius and broader color.
Let's go back and refresh and perfect.
That's a line that let me add some padding.
And this looks much better.
So with this, we have an image right here.
Let's try to change that to this image.
Weather also check one thing the old image should be deleted.
So right now, there are two images here that have been that go back and hit the update button.
We had a break point here.
Let's examine and we get the edit again.
Let me stop and run the application one more time.
As long as the image is available inside the image, you are down.
The old image will be deleted.
Let's continue here.
And the energy water is populated, the old image gets deleted.
You can see now we have only one image here.
The new image will be copied over 10 perfect looks good.
Let me remove the debugging point here.
And if we click on Edit again, we have the new image.
I will update some of the details here.
Change this to romance and soft cover.
Let's head update perfect.
So both of the books that we have are looking great.
The last functionality that I want to work on is deleting an existing book.
Let's do that in the next week, you.